adds poetry, and pipx (#1655)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/108-python/content/105-python-package-managers/readme.md

> # Package Managers
> 
> Package managers allow you to manage the dependencies (external code written by you or someone else) that your project needs to work correctly.
> 
> ## Honorable Mention
>  - Poetry
>    - https://python-poetry.org/
>    - Manages dependancies via isolation
>  - PIPX
>    - https://github.com/pypa/pipx
>    - Isolation based app deployment, so you don't have to affect system or user PIP libraries
>    - Enables you to try individual python cli tools without affecting other dependancies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Package Managers

Package managers allow you to manage the dependencies (external code written by you or someone else) that your project needs to work correctly.

`PyPI` and `Pip` are the most common contenders but here are some other options available as well:

 - [**Poetry**](https://python-poetry.org/)
   - Manages dependencies via isolation
 - [**PIPX**](https://github.com/pypa/pipx)
   - Isolation-based app deployment, so you don't have to affect the system or user PIP libraries
   - Enables you to try individual python CLI tools without affecting other dependencies.
```
